You are talking nonsense
Opposite the Xuanwu Gate of the city pendulum
Isn't it the position of the head of the family?
Chen Xiaodao, the enemy of the Chen family
My eldest son
He is domineering
Disobedient
Everything goes against me, this woman
I can see that Xiangzi is unwilling to make progress
And ambitious to control the entire minister
I didn't want to raise the price.
I also mentioned this to the old man
Knife wants to give him the position of the head of the family
But the old man won't agree.
Said he was willful
Dare to do great things
They sent him to Binhai
Whether his family or part-time job
Let me continue to be this family
What I didn't expect was
This wolf cub
He actually colluded with the Sun family to gamble
Killed his own grandfather
Coco smiled at me recalling the love between father and son
Remember that he is really the bloodline of my Chen family
I wanted to take him
Well, not only is he unrepentant about this
In turn, they want to frame me as a father
What did I do?
You think this is a beast?
Fellow cyclists
I took advantage of this not-so-good fatherly love
Pure wolf ambition is too careless
Those who run away from wolves will be attacked by wolves
Grandpa reveals you
If you continue to let
It will definitely bring disaster to my Chen family in the future
Today I just need to change my mind carelessly
From now on, I, Chen Zhensheng, will not have you as a son.
Populus euphratica